Simplify Intro + Add All Sections to Header Links (#80)
ga4gh/data-security: AAI/README.md

### Introduction

The [GA4GH AAI profile specification]({% link AAI/AAIConnectProfile.md %})

> leverages OpenID Connect (OIDC) Servers to authenticate researchers

Reviewer: "Servers" is a bit old school (and possibly not even correct)?? Consider deleting the word?

desiring to access clinical and genomic resources from [data
holders]({% link AAI/AAIConnectProfile.md %}#term-data-holder)
adhering to GA4GH standards. Beyond standard OIDC authentication, AAI enables
data holders to obtain security-related attributes and authorizations of those
researchers.

The Data Use and Researcher Identity (DURI) Work Stream has developed standard
[claims](https://github.com/ga4gh-duri/ga4gh-duri.github.io/tree/master/researcher_ids)
for representing common researcher authorizations and attributes. This standard
assumes that GA4GH Claims provided by Brokers described in this document
MAY conform to the DURI researcher-identity policy and standard. This standard
does NOT assume that DURI's GA4GH Claims will be the only ones used.

#### Technical Summary

At its core, the AAI specification defines cryptographically secure tokens for exchanging

> researcher attributes called [Visas](aai-openid-connect-profile#term-visa), and how various

Reviewer: "signed researcher attributes"?  "individually signed researcher attributes"?.. (I guess at this point I might be thinking - how is this different from regular oauth claims/attributes?).. and the signed visas is to me the distinguishing feature of the spec (when it comes to claims)
(this is just me thinking out loud - feel free to ignore!)

#### Separation of Data Holders and Data Controllers

It is a fairly common situation that, for a single dataset, the
[data controller](aai-openid-connect-profile#term-data-controller)
(the authority managing who has access to dataset) is not the same party as the 
[data holder](aai-openid-connect-profile#term-data-holder) (the organization
that hosts the data, while respecting the data controller's access policies).

For these situations, AAI is a standard mechanism for data holders to obtain
and validate authorizations from data controllers, by specifying the interactions
between Visa Issuers, Brokers, and Clearinghouses.

The AAI standard enables data holders' and data controllers' systems to recognize
and accept identities from multiple Brokers --- allowing for an even more federated
approach. An organization can still use this specification with a single Broker and Visa Issuer,
though they may find in that case that there are few benefits beyond standard OIDC.

### Background

#### Why Brokers?

We have found that there are widely used Identity Providers (IdP) such as Google
Authentication. These authentication mechanisms provide no authorization

> information (custom claims or scopes) but are so pervasive at the institution

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
information (custom claims or scopes) but are ubiquitous for authentication at the institution level.
```

> level that they cannot be ignored. The use of a Broker and Clearinghouse

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The use of a Broker and Clearinghouse
```

enables attaching information to the usual OIDC flow so that Google and other
prominent identity providers can be used with customized claims and scopes.

Here is a diagram of a single broker. This is one possible way to use this spec.

> @startuml

Reviewer 2: This diagram looks clear and to-the-point.

Reviewer: Agreed - I prefer this one - and I guess we should consider either moving to the spec (or removing the one from the spec if it doesn't add any clarity)

skinparam componentStyle rectangle
left to right direction

component "<b>Visa Issuer 1</b>\nservice" as Issuer1
component "<b>Visa Issuer 2</b>\nservice" as Issuer2
component "<b>Visa Issuer N</b>\nservice" as IssuerN

component "<b>Broker</b>\nservice" as Broker #FAFAD2
component "<b>Passport Clearinghouse</b>\nservice" as ClearingHouse #9E7BB5

Issuer1 <-- Broker : Fetch Visas
Issuer2 <-- Broker : Fetch Visas
IssuerN <-- Broker : Fetch Visas
Broker <-- ClearingHouse : Request User Visas w/ Access Token

> IssuerN <-- ClearingHouse : Request Public Key w/ JWKS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: I think this arrow can be removed without confusion. 

While we do require clearinghouses to validate signatures, we do not want to clearinghouses to just follow JKU claims without allowlisting. My worry is that the diagram implies the [insecure usage of JKU](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8725.html#name-do-not-trust-received-claim). Leaving the arrow out does not imply a lack of validation, it's just a detail that's not needed for this introduction.
